000458/FlatironInstitute (#101)
dandi/example-notebooks: 000458/FlatironInstitute/PSTH_neurosift_exploration.md

# 000458 - PSTH Neurosift Exploration

See [001_summarize_contents.ipynb](./001_summarize_contents.ipynb) for a summary of the contents of the NWB files in this Dandiset, including the trial information. You can use that to decide which NWB files to examine. Here's an example of one that targets the motor cortex:

```
Asset 7: sub-551397/sub-551397_ses-20210211_behavior+ecephys.nwb -- size: 15202.44 MB
in vivo electrophysiology in a head-fixed mouse during cortical electrical microstimulation
EEG and Neuropixels recording during wakefulness and isoflurane anesthesia
single pulse electrical stimuli targeted to MOs (deep layers)
  1800 trials
  BEHAVIORAL EPOCHS
    awake: 386 valid and not running
    isoflurane: 480 valid and not running
    recovery: 553 valid and not running
  STIMULUS TYPES
    electrical: 1103 valid and not running
    visual: 316 valid and not running
  STIMULUS DESCRIPTIONS
    biphasic: 1103 valid and not running
    white circle: 316 valid and not running
  ESTIM TARGET REGIONS
    MOs: 1103 valid and not running

>     n/a: 316 valid and not running

Reviewer: FWIW, could have that script could have (optionally?) produced markdown with neurosift URLs pointing to those particular files/settings in neurosift to select the desired trials?  or URL would be a bit unruly to create and fragile (might change in the future)?

Author: Great idea. It's now markdown with links to NS. Not as fancy as the settings as you suggest, but it gets you to the file.

```

> First navigate to this Dandiset on DANDI Archive: [000458](https://dandiarchive.org/dandiset/000458). On the right panel, click on "Files" and then find [subject 551397](https://dandiarchive.org/dandiset/000458/0.230317.0039/files?location=sub-551397&page=1). For that NWB file, click on "OPEN WITH -> Neurosift". That should bring you [here](https://neurosift.app/?p=/nwb&url=https://api.dandiarchive.org/api/assets/d966b247-2bac-4ef0-8b80-aae010f50c98/download/&dandisetId=000458&dandisetVersion=0.230317.0039).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First navigate to this Dandiset on DANDI Archive: [000458](https://dandiarchive.org/dandiset/000458). On the right panel, click on "Files" and then find [subject 551397](https://dandiarchive.org/dandiset/000458/0.230317.0039/files?location=sub-551397&page=1). For that NWB file, click on "OPEN WITH -> Neurosift". That should bring you to that file's [Neurosift homepage](https://neurosift.app/?p=/nwb&url=https://api.dandiarchive.org/api/assets/d966b247-2bac-4ef0-8b80-aae010f50c98/download/&dandisetId=000458&dandisetVersion=0.230317.0039).
```

* In Neurosift, open the "Intervals" panel and then click "PSTH" for the "trials" table.
* Select "Group trials by: behavioral_epoch" and "Sort units by: location".

> * For trials table, enter `is_valid === 1 && is_running === 0 && stimulus_type === "electrical"`. This will restrict the trials to those that are valid, not running, and have an electrical stimulus.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Select "Trials filter" in the bottom right and enter `is_valid === 1 && is_running === 0 && stimulus_type === "electrical"`. This will restrict the trials to those that are valid, not running, and have an electrical stimulus.
```
